[Doc] Updated `README.md` (#123)
ezsystems/ezplatform-ee: README.md

## What is eZ Platform Enterprise Edition?
*eZ Platform Enterprise Edition* is commercial CMS (Content Management System) software developed by eZ Systems.

*eZ Platform Enterprise Edition* derives from *[eZ Platform](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform)*.
It is composed of a set of bundles. eZ Platform Enterprise Edition, like eZ Platform, is built on top of the Symfony framework (Full Stack). It has been in development since 2014.

### How to get access to eZ Platform Enterprise Edition?

While this meta repository, `ezplatform-ee`, is public to ease installation and upgrades, the full access can be obtained in one of the following ways:

- Request an online demo on [ez.no](https://ez.no/Products/eZ-Platform-Enterprise-Edition).
- As a partner, download the trial version from [Partner Portal](http://ez.no/Partner-Portal).

> - As a customer with the eZ Enterprise subscription, get full version from [Service Portal](https://support.ez.no/Downloads).

Reviewer: Question to @konradoboza @mateuszbieniek @barw4, or @mateuszdebinski - does this link still work? I don't see anything, but that's probably because I'm not a Partner :)

Reviewer 2: It does, requires to be logged in. :)

Reviewer: > It does, requires to be logged in. :)

Yeah, I thought so. Too expensive for me. I'll take your word for it ;)

>   Alternatively, you can set up [Composer Authentication Tokens](https://doc.ez.no/display/DEVELOPER/Using+Composer) for use in combination with this repository.

Reviewer: I think this is what we have now on this subject, but please double check:
```suggestion
  Alternatively, you can set up [Composer Authentication Tokens](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/install_ez_enterprise/#create-project) for use in combination with this repository.
```

cd ezplatform
```

> **Note:** If  composer is installed localy instead of globally, the first command will start with `php composer.phar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** If  composer is installed locally instead of globally, the first command will start with `php composer.phar`.
```

> **Note:** If  composer is installed locally instead of globally, the first command will start with `php composer.phar`.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** If composer is installed locally instead of globally, the first command will start with `php composer.phar`.
```

During the installation process you will be asked to provide database host name, login, password, etc.

> The configuration details will be placed in `<ezplatform>/app/config/parameters.yml`.

Reviewer: This section is for 2.5 only, see changes in our doc for `master`

Next, you will receive instructions on how to install data into the database, and how to run a simplified dev server using the `bin/console server:run` command.

**Tip:** For a more complete and better performing setup using Apache or Nginx, see how to [install eZ Platform manually](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/getting_started/install_manually/).

## Issue tracker
Submitting bugs, improvements and stories is possible on [https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZEE](https://jira.ez.no/browse/EZEE).
If you discover a security issue, please see how to responsibly report such issues in ["Reporting security issues in eZ Systems products"](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/latest/guide/reporting_issues/#reporting-security-issues-in-ez-systems-products).

## Backwards compatibility

> eZ Platform aims to be **fully content compatible** with eZ Publish 5.x, 4.x and 3.x *(introduced in 2002)*, meaning that the content in those versions of the CMS can be upgraded using

Reviewer: Question: does the upgrade procedure actually covers anything below eZ Publish Platform 5.4?

Reviewer 3: As for me, it sounds to be a bit hasty... For our own safety I would prefer to stay with:

```suggestion
eZ Platform aims to be **fully content compatible** with eZ Publish 5.x, meaning that the content in this versions of the CMS can be upgraded using
```

_Note_: We can instead mention somewhere that it **should** be possible to smoothly upgrade both eZ Publish 3.x and 4.x to 5.4 before upgrading to eZ Platform.

[online documentation](http://doc.ez.no/eZ-Publish/Upgrading) to eZ Platform.

> Unlike eZ Publish Platform 5.x, eZ Platform does not ship with eZ Publish Legacy (4.x). But this is available by optionally installing [LegacyBridge](https://github.com/ezsystems/LegacyBridge/releases/) (available in v1.13 or lower) to allow eZ Platform and eZ Publish Legacy to run together.

Reviewer: Note: to be kept for 2.5. In 3.0 (current master) LegacyBridge support has been dropped.
